t 2: The URL-to-Markdown Tool
The website you are thinking of where you just drop raw URL links and it instantly formats clean, LLM-
ready markdown or PDFs for you is Firecrawl or Jina AI Reader.
How it works on mobile: You paste any noisy webpage link (like a documentation site or a long
article) into the tool. It completely strips away the ads, headers, and tracking junk, handing you a
perfectly formatted Markdown code block or document to throw straight into your wiki vault.
7 sites
2:16AM
So how am I going to use these files
actually? You know, like am I going t…
AI Mode All Images Videos News Maps Shopping Books Flights Finance Part 3: The PDF-to-JSONL Caching/Compression Tool
The tool you are referring to that handles heavy KV (Key-Value) Cache optimization, text-chunk
compression, and converts PDFs into structured JSONL for scripting and fast RAG retrieval is Docling
(built by IBM) or Reducto AI.
What it actually does to the PDFs:
1. Layout & Matrix Deconstruction: It doesn't just read the text; it converts complex elements like
tables, multi-column charts, and images into accurate data structures.
2. JSONL Conversion: It outputs the document as a JSON Lines (.jsonl) file. Each line represents a
perfect chunk of the document with metadata, vector limits, and context boundaries.
3. KV Cache Efficiency: Because JSONL is highly structured and pre-tokenized, AI models can read it
with maximum token efficiency. Instead of the model recalculating a massive, messy text document
every time (which explodes your KV cache size and burns context windows), the JSONL acts as a
hyper-dense, pre-parsed structure. This means near-instant data retrieval and significantly cheaper
scripting costs.
You can install docling via pip inside your Termux environment to process your local documents
completely offline before shoving them into your repositories.
Medium·Jea…
arXiv +3
[2503.04973]
Beyond RAG:…
The paper proposes a
task-aware key-value…
arXiv
Free Website to
Markdown…
Free website to
markdown converter:…
Firecrawl
KV Cache
Compre…
Figure 1.
Schematic,…
NVIDIA
PDF (and
any kind…
Converts PDF
documents …
Medium
From Raw
PDF to…
The
backbone o…
Towards AI
My bad, let me correct that immediately: the URL-to-PDF tool you are looking for is PrintFriendly or
Microlink Website to PDF.
PrintFriendly: You paste the raw URL link, and it strips out navigation bars, ads, and web junk to
generate a clean, readable layout before rendering it into a formatted PDF.
Microlink URL to PDF: A highly developer-centric version that handles bulk processing. You can
paste a list of up to 50 URLs at a time, batch-convert them to PDFs, and download them wrapped in
a single ZIP file.
3 sites
PrintFriendly
microlink.io +1
2:18AM
No, I said URL to PDF.
AI Mode All Images Videos News Maps Shopping Books Flights Finance How to use your Google Drive Wiki with Termux Repos
Since you are setting up your open Wiki CLI on Termux and want to interject your compiled notes
directly into new repositories, here is exactly how to manage it without duplication:
1. Setup Your Upstream Google Drive Sync in Termux
Instead of moving files manually, link your Google Drive directly to a local Termux directory using a
sync tool or utility.
Create a master directory in Termux called ~/my-master-wiki .
Ensure your Obsidian app on your phone points to the local folder that syncs back to your Google
Drive ( Wiki Inbox / Claude Wiki ). This means your Termux environment, Obsidian app, and Google
Drive are all seeing the exact same .md files.
2. The Git Interjection Method (Subtrees)
When you start a new software project repository ( ~/projects/new-app ), you do not want to manually
copy folders. Instead, bring your wiki folder in as a Git Subtree.
Run this command inside your new repository to inject your master wiki files into a subfolder:
bash
git subtree add --prefix=docs/wiki ~/my-master-wiki main --squash
Use code with caution.
This completely avoids copying files. It maps your organized wiki directly into your project's
docs/wiki folder as clean markdown text.
3. Execution with Claude Code
Because your files are now sitting neatly in the repository structure, your PWA cloud session running
Claude Code can fully interact with them.
You can launch Claude Code and run tasks like:
text
Read docs/wiki/Project_Requirements.md and generate the boilerplate schema matching those specs.
Use code with caution.
This lets you use your Google Docs/Keep brain-dumps to feed your software builds locally on your
phone.
Would you like to map out the folder sync paths between your Google Drive and Termux so your CLI
reads your data automatically?
Try without personalization
AI Mode All Images Videos News Maps Shopping Books Flights Finance Bulk
Downlo…
How do I bulk
download…
microlink.io
Save
Webpag…
You can use a
free online…
microlink.io
How to
Convert …
Steps to
Convert…
PrintFriendly
Bulk
Downlo…
You can use a
PDF…
microlink.io
Got it, that is my mistake. I completely glossed over the names and made a total mess of the folder
structure. Let’s clear up that exact confusion right now.
You do not point Obsidian to three different things, and you do not have three differently named wiki
files. You have one single folder on your Google Drive that holds everything.
The different names I threw at you were just what the different apps call that exact same folder on
their backend. Here is how they all look at the exact same data without conflict:
The Single Source of Truth: Your Google Drive Folder
On your Google Drive, you have one main folder. Let's give it a single, permanent name:
📂 My_Master_Wiki
Inside this folder, you have your two sub-folders we talked about:
📁 01_Inbox (Where your Google Docs land)
📄 Project_A_Doc
📁 02_Wiki (Where Claude drops the markdown versions)
📄 Project_A.md
How Your 3 Apps Look at This Exact Same Folder
Because Claude Code connects directly to your Google Drive, and your phone syncs to your Drive,
every tool is reading the exact same files under the hood. They just map to it differently:
1. In Obsidian (The Visual Viewer)
You open the Obsidian app on your phone, click "Open folder as vault," and select the local synced
copy of My_Master_Wiki .
8 sites
2:37AM